[Merged by Bors] - update README of local_testnet (#4114)
sigp/lighthouse: scripts/local_testnet/README.md

Start a local eth1 ganache server plus boot node along with `BN_COUNT`
number of beacon nodes and `VC_COUNT` validator clients.

> The `start_local_testnet.sh` script takes four options `-v VC_COUNT`, `-d DEBUG_LEVEL`, `-p` to enable private tx proposals and `-h` for help.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `start_local_testnet.sh` script takes four options `-v VC_COUNT`, `-d DEBUG_LEVEL`, `-p` to enable builder proposals and `-h` for help.
```

The "private tx" thing is a bit outdated these days, we tend to refer to this as "builder proposals". You could update the docs in `start_local_testnet.sh` as well if you like

Author: @michaelsproul fixed.
